== README
Heroku Link:
http://afternoon-reaches-8605.herokuapp.com/

My App implements a platform to review movies.  The primary elements of the App are users and the recommendations that those users create.  Users can title their own reviews, which can be seen by all other users (and visitors who are not signed in), but the reviews can only be edited or deleted by the user that created it.  Users can also choose to follow/unfollow other users, and when you follow a user they receive an email informing them that they have gained a new follower.  

I incuded an Ordering query to change the index page for recommendations (the view all recommendations page) to list stored recommendations alphabetically by User.  I added a .order title to the recommendations_controller to accomplish this.

I also included condition, order, and limit queries to my users_controller.  Now when you select a user by from the list presented by clicking the View Users link, it lists the user's name and email, but also now follows that with a list of recommendations that user has submitted.  It queries the database for recommendations belonging to the user, orders them alphabetically, then shows up to a maximum of 5 of them (there is a limit of 5).  The view for users\show view has been altered to accomodate these queries and present the information.

My App encorporates presence validations for the title and body fields of recommendations, length validations for title and body to assign maximum input lengths, and a uniqueness validation for the title field for recommendations.


My app implements the gem Devise, which provides log-in functionality and user authentication.  Documentation for Devise can be found at http://devise.plataformatec.com.br/

My app implements the Heroku addon SendGrid.  SendGrid allows my App to send outbound emails, which the app utilizes to send notifications when a user creates a new recommendation or receives a new follower.  Documentation for SendGrid can be found at https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sendgrid


My Javascript/jQuery code is located in users.js.  It provides the option to Show/Hide a user's recommendations within a given User's show page. The purpose of this is to offer the viewer a way to unclutter the page, if they are not actually interested in viewing content of recommendations.

